hey what's up guys exorcizamus here
again and I have a little bit of more
news about dragons of legend so it looks
like the effect of dark magician girl
the Dragon Knight has been confirmed so
she is a dark dragon fusion type effect
monster she is level 7 2600 attack and
1700 defense to summon her you need dark
magician girl
+1 Dragon Type monster must be fusion
summoned by the above fusion-material
monsters or with the eye of Timaeus and
cannot be special summoned by other ways
once per turn do an either player's turn
you can send one card from your hand to
the graveyard then target one face-up
card on the field
destroy that target and I really do love
how her effect is can be used during
either player's turn if it was only on
your turn that would have sucked really
bad it's a really decent effect and it
can create some really really nasty
combos so the effect of the eye of
Timaeus is this card is also always
treated as legendary dragon Timaeus
target 1 Dark Magician monster you
control fusion summon multi fusion
monster from your Extra Deck that lists
that monster on the field as a
fusion-material monster using it as a
fusion-material you can only activate
one the eye of Timaeus per turn now this
effect is pretty freakin sweet not that
we only can summon dark magician girl
the Dragon Knight but we can also summon
dark paladin dark paladin is just so
beautiful his artwork is just amazing
he's one of my favorite monsters in the
game he's just so gorgeous I mean and I
love how his skin color is blue I just I
know it kind of looks odd but I actually
really really do love it I don't know
why exactly but I just liked it for some
reason
he is one of the most badass monsters in
the game and I have a lot of respect for
him for some reason so just imagine him
fighting alongside dark magician girl
the Dragon Knight they would make it
badass freaking team I'm so excited
about that so we can just target Dark
Magician and then bring out dark paladin
hell yes
to be honest dark magician girl is just
gorgeous
so here's this awesome cosplay of dark
magician girl to all of you dark
magician girl fans out there the cool
thing is we can also use Elemental Hero
Prisma as dark magician girl
so we can bring out dog magician girl
the Dragon Knight way too easy now
remember guys dark magician or dark
magician girl must be on the field so
you can use the eye of Timaeus that's a
bad thing but hey it's nice to see the
Carter we can also bring out dark flare
Knight is a cool card too and don't
worry you guys if they you will actually
release Critias and hermos as well the
reason I say that because they call a
set Dragons of legend and not dragon of
legend also if they weren't going to
release Critias and hermos why did they
add this effect to the eye of Timaeus
this card is also always treated as
legendary dragon Timaeus I mean why
would they bother to put that effect if
they're not gonna release the other
tooth that just confirms us we just have
to be patient and see all right guys
tell me what are your thoughts on dark
magician girl the Dragon Knight effect
and also also I forgot to mention that I
pre-order to a box of dragons of legend
and I will open it on my channel as soon
as I get it alright guys thanks all for
watching next to us I'm signing off and
I'll see you in the next video